So, we needed to do one
more thing in UI.js.
We're gonna make another function here,
called writeModal.
And, here in function writeModal,
it's gonna take in
some sort of text, and
we're gonna default to blank text.
That's what this text = blah,
this is a default.
So if I don't call with anything,
it's just gonna give me an empty string.
And I wanna say, document.querySelector.
And, I'm going to ask for .modal.
And.
We're gonna do a .innerHTML, cuz we
want this to be interpreted as HTML,
because we wanna be able
to write HTML to it.
=div
className="modal-Inner".
And actually, we probably could have just
left this, in fact, let's just do this.
So I'm gonna do modal-Inner.
That's why we did that.
Okay, this makes sense to me now.
So we're gonna say, div className, or
class="modal-Inner"></div.
And we're gonna put the text in there,
that we put in.
Now, why are we rewriting
the modal-Inner every single time?
It's because we want to hide the modal
when there's no text in there.
And we did that with that CSS Selector.
And so, that's why,
that's why we're rewriting
the modal-Inner every single time.
So now that we've rewritten that,
we can go back to gameState.js.
And we can import the top here, from UI.
WriteModal.
And the first thing we're gonna do is,
whenever we start the game, we're just
gonna write modal with no text, and that
should drop our little button thing here.
So if I press this.
That's still showing up,
which is curious, it shouldn't.
And, here install that CSS.
Cuz all these CSS classes should
have gone at modal-Inner probably
Yep, okay, cool, here we go.
So, this was a mistake on my part.
Go back to your style.CSS.
And I had here, on my line 86,
with the modal class, here.
This is actually supposed to
be the style for modal-Inner.
And now if I refresh,
and I press the button,
it'll actually remove that modal.
So again, style.CSS.
Down here at the bottom
was where I had modal.
Just make this the style class for
modal-Inner.
And now when we start the game,
it'll remove that modal at the top.
Okay?
So let's go ahead and
go back to gameState.js.
And we're gonna write a function really
quick that's called clearTimes, so.
ClearTimes.
And this is something we can call when the
fox dies as well as when it goes to sleep,
it just clears out all
the existing timers.
So we're gonna say, this.wakeTime = -1.
This.sleepTime = -1.
This.hungryTime = -1.
This.dieTime = -1.
This.poopTime = -1.
And this.timeToEndCelebrating = -1.
This.timeTo, we need begin here as well.
I called start, this.startCelebrating.
I can't remember what I called it.
TimeToStartCelebrating, that one, = -1.
Okay, so this is just gonna clear
all the different timers, so
that when we call it we can be
guaranteed that nothing is happening.
So, let's go to sleep, first of all.
So I'm gonna call, and make sure you
call it before you set wakeTime,
because you don't wanna
clear out wakeTime.
So I'm gonna do it here,
above this.wakeTime,
this.clearTimes, and
then it resets wakeTime.
So this way we can guarantee that the fox
is not gonna get hungry in the night,
it's not gonna get, it's not gonna poop
in the night, all that kinda stuff.
Okay, and then here,
we're gonna go down to, die.
And here we're gonna say,
this.current = "DEAD".
ModScene('dead').
ModFox('dead').
This.sleepTime.
Well, actually, we can just say here,
we can just say, this.clearTime.
And then we're gonna write to the modal.
The fox died, frowny face.
I'm gonna put a line break there.
So the <br/> Press
the middle button to start.
So that the user knows that they can
press the button to restart the game.
So now let's start the game.
And if we just let it go
on washed after this,
eventually it should hit that die code.
And we'll see a different scene,
we'll see the tombstone, and
we'll see a modal at the top that says,
the fox has died, frowny face,
press the middle button to start.
So, fox is hungry.
And eventually, there you go.
And then we hit the death scene.
And then you should be able to press
the middle button, again, cuz we kinda
coded this up at the beginning, we don't
have to do anything additional now.
It'll restart the game with a new fox.
Again, just leveraging all
the code that we wrote together.